---
title: "What is masa?"
date: 2025-02-27 20:02:36+00:00
author_handle: "eatwithafia"
author_name: "AfiaAA"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/DGlsOnNJ5AV"
image: "img/eatwithafia_27-02-2025_2002.png"
recipe_quality: ""
---

Masa (waina/galette/gnomi) is a yeasted grain cake made accross West Africa. Depending on where you find yourself, it is either made with rice, millet, corn or a combination of each. Some ferment their masa, others use bakers yeast. Some add yogurt and milk to theirs. The combinations are endless. But one thing that separates our masa from East African vitumbua are the choices of flavours (i.e the use of coconut and spices by our East African brothers and sisters.   
  
Do I need the pan?  
NO!	you can fry the batter as a pancake. In Hausa this specific process is called sinasir — you can learn all about it on youtube and I have a video coming out on this process.  
  
What can I eat with masa  
Many things. In Ghana, we eat it with porridge. In the zongo communities, I am sure people pair it with suya as they have a large Hausa community. In northern nigeria it can go with any vegetable soup or suya and I think our muslim brothers and sisters in francaphone West Africa include it for their ramadan meals. When i was in Upper East, we had it for breakfast with a tamarind drink.  
  
This version is relatively simple and can be done in a morning. The more traditional, naturally fermented version will be in my cookbook (it is my favourite rendition).   
  
#masa #westafricanfood #africanfood #plantbased #suya #ghanaianfood #nigerianfood
