---
title: "Tag a friend you will try this recipe with."
date: 2022-07-20 14:45:45+00:00
author_handle: "eatwithafia"
authors: ["eatwithafia"]
author_name: "AfiaAA"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CgPOY7EFwp3"
image: "img/eatwithafia_20-07-2022_1445.png"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

RECIPE  
Substitutions are listed below instructions  
  
Dough  
100g brewed hibiscus tea (i boiled a handful of hibiscus flowers in ~1.5 cups of water. Once boiled I let it steep overnight)   
70g active sourdough starter   
60g vegan condensed milk (i used @naturescharm)  
54g plant based butter melted  
5g salt   
45g of sugar   
1/2 tsp of instant yeast   
300g bread flour   
A few drops of red food colour for pink colour(optional)  
  
Filling   
1 cup frozen strawberries   
1.5 tbsp of sugar   
1/2 cup of hibiscus tea   
1/3 tsp calabash nutmeg (optional)  
  
1. In a stand mixer, mix all the above ingredients and let the stand mixer kneed the dough till everything clumps together around the dough hook. Alternatively you can kneed by hand till the dough is nice and smooth  
2. Let the dough rise in a warm place till it doubles in size   
3. As the dough is rising make the filling. In a pot, add the filling ingredients, bring to a gentle boil and let it simmer till the water has evaporated and it nice and thick. Use a fork to break up the strawberries till you a get a jam   
4. Once the dough has doubled in size roll it out to about 1/2 cm thick.  
5. Spread the jam on 3/4 of the roll and then roll it up into a log   
6. Cut into ~ 3 inch disks  
7. Place in a tray and let it rise for another hour   
8. Preheat oven to 350F   
9. Bake rolls for 35 mins till nice and golden brown  
10. Let it fill down for ~ 10 mins  
11. I frosted with a very basic powdered sugar glaze. About 1/2 cup powder sugar, two drops of red food colour and enough plant based milk till it was a pancake batter like consistency   
  
Substitutions  
- if you don’t have a sourdough starter, you can increase the active yeast to a total of 1 1/4 tsp of dry active yeast.   
- you can also take your favourite cinnamon roll recipe and swap the liquid for hibiscus tea and fill it with the strawberry filling   
- everything was made with a scale so I unfortunately do not know what measurements are in cups. Food scales are cheap and make for more accurate baking   
- if you don’t have calabash nutmeg, you can remove it. Hard to substitute the flavour though as it’s nothing like regular nutmeg
