---
title: "HOMEMADE TOFU 😮 by @sovegan We always assumed making tofu involved weeks of preparation and lots of fancy ingredients or gadgets. But that couldn’t be further from the truth! With some little ol’ soya beans, lemon juice and a DIY tofu press...you’ll be munching down on your very own homemade tofu in no time at all 🙌"
date: 2021-10-29 06:38:50+00:00
author_handle: "foodypopz"
authors: ["foodypopz"]
author_name: "Foody Popz"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CVmk5fNJxSK"
image: "img/foodypopz_29-10-2021_0638.png"
recipe_link: "https://rainbowplantlife.com"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

This is our tried-and-tested recipe for the perfect tofu. Head to the link in our bio to get the full recipe where you’ll find lots of tips and tricks to guide you through the process ✌️  
   
We’ve also included the ingredients and steps below:  
   
🌿 3 cups dried soya beans (550g / 19.5oz)  
🌿 4 tbsp lemon juice  
   
1️⃣ Add the soya beans to a large mixing bowl and cover with water almost to the top of the bowl. Leave to soak for 6 hours or overnight  
   
2️⃣ Drain the soya beans and rinse under water. Next blend the soaked beans in 3 litres / 101 fl.oz of water (we usually do this in 3 batches). Then transfer the milk to a nut bag over a large mixing bowl. Squeeze the bag to extract the milk into the mixing bowl. This can take up to 10 mins or until the pulp inside the bag is mostly dry  
   
3️⃣ Transfer the soy milk to a large saucepan over a low-medium heat. Bring the milk to a gentle simmer and cook for 15 minutes, stirring regularly. Use a skimmer or a fine sieve to remove any foam or skin that collects on the surface  
   
4️⃣ Meanwhile combine the lemon juice with 200ml / 6.8 fl.oz of water. After the soy milk has finished simmering, remove from the heat and leave for a couple of minutes to settle. Then stir in roughly a third of the diluted lemon juice. Stir in the remaining diluted lemon juice in two more batches and keep stirring until the soy milk curdles. If the milk doesn’t curdle, add it back to a low heat until the curds form  
   
5️⃣ Use a skimmer or fine sieve to transfer the curds to your chosen press. Then press for a minimum of 15 mins or longer depending on how firm you like your tofu  
   
6️⃣ You can eat the tofu immediately. Alternatively add the tofu to an airtight container and submerge it in water where it will last for up to 5 days in the fridge
