---
title: "VEGAN MOZZARELLA 🌱🇮🇹 the best recipe I know!"
date: 2022-04-09 14:56:59+00:00
author_handle: "herbifoods"
author_name: "Paul Köber"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CcIlv9BKPV6"
image: "img/herbifoods_09-04-2022_1404.png"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

••  
First of all, no-one would mistake this for real mozzarella, both taste and texture are not the same! But I’ve already tried a looot of different recipes for vegan mozzarella and this recipe has it all... It’s firm, it’s creamy, it tastes cheesy and yes, it melts! 😌 Perfect for caprese or on top of a pizza!  
⠀  
RECIPE (8 small balls)  
- 1 cup (150 g) cashews  
- 1 cup (250 g) unsweetened soy yogurt  
- 1-2 tsp salt  
- 2 tbsp nutritional yeast (optional)  
- 3 tbsp tapioca starch  
- 1.5 tbsp agar agar powder  
- ½ cup (120 ml) water  
optional additions:  
- 1 tsp of miso paste  
- other herbs & spices  
⠀  
❶ Soak cashews overnight or boil for about 10 minutes.  
❷ Add cashews, vegan yogurt, salt, tapioca starch and nutritional yeast to a blender and blend until creamy.   
❸ In a pot combine the water and agar agar, stirring until the agar agar is completely dissolved. Bring it to a boil and simmer for 2 minutes.  
❹ Add the cashew cream to the saucepan and stir to combine. Cook the mixture for about 5-6 minutes, stirring constantly, until it gets very thick and stretchy.  
❺ Prepare a large bowl of ice-cold water. Scoop out mozzarella balls with 2 wet spoons. Let them cool to firm up.  
❻ You can place the balls in an airtight container and cover it with a salt brine to store them in the fridge for about a week.  
Try it yourself and tag me @herbifoods ✨ I love seeing your remakes!  
⠀   
TIPS  
- you can replace the tapioca starch with cornstarch, but only tapioca provides that stretchy and melty consistency.   
⠀   
MACROS (per ball)  
147 kcal  
6 g protein  
8 g carbohydrates  
9 g fats  
5 g fiber  
••  
Follow @herbifoods for easy to follow vegan recipes!  
Much love to all of you, Paul 👋💚  
⠀  
#veganrecipes #veganfood #vegancheese
