---
title: "This is not cheese.☝️"
date: 2023-02-24 10:53:29+00:00
author_handle: "hermann"
authors: ["hermann"]
author_name: "Julius Fiedler"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CpCt7SToxH7"
image: "img/hermann_24-02-2023_1053.png"
recipe_quality: "ingredients_only"
---

It’s not cheese. It’s not cream cheese. It’s not trying to be either. It is a creamy spread made out of fermented cashews. A cashew ferment. And while I agree that it might need a better name, to me it’s one of the most exciting foods I’ve shared on here. (Thanks to @globalcashews for the challenge!)  
  
Vegan substitutes rarely stand up to their counterparts. It’s because too often, they are made primarily with a focus on replicating textures and flavours and rarely with a respect for a natural process. Cheese, for instance, is made with milk, salt, a starter culture and rennet. Four ingredients. But look at the ingredient list of a vegan cheese and you find a host of stabilisers, emulsifiers and regulators, most of which have the purpose to artificially recreate the textures that nuts and legumes can’t achieve naturally. But what if we looked at cheese not as the nostalgia of flavour & texture, but as a concept of fermentation and apply parts of it to a plant-based resource? Not to RE-create, but to create a product of its own right. Not to replace, but to provide a natural source of protein that is probiotic (good for the gut), versatile and delicious.  
  
This Cashew Ferment is only at its infancy. It’s a basic homemade version, a fun experiment in the kitchen that is made with only four ingredients (cashews, kombucha, salt, water). But from here, we can experiment and unlock its full potential. Let me know your thoughts in the comments!  
  
Full recipe on my website (link in bio) 👏  
  
#cashews #fermentedcashews #fermentedfoods #fermentednuts #probioticfoods #ad
