---
title: "HOMEMADE PINEAPPLE TARTS 🍍🧧"
date: 2025-02-07 06:00:21+00:00
author_handle: "itslizmiu"
author_name: "Liz Miu 苗可玉 🍐"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/DFwrARtyUiv"
image: "img/itslizmiu_07-02-2025_0600.png"
recipe_quality: ""
---

Yes it’s still Chinese New Year - we celebrate for 15 days from the first new moon through to the first full moon. A buttery cookie bursting with homemade tart pineapple jam. These are a RUDE amount of delicious and you’ll often find them gifted and eaten in Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore to celebrate LNY. They’re easily my favourite melt-in-your-mouth LNY sweet treat. I could easily inhale a whole plate of these in one sitting. They’re really the perfect mouthful 😌  
-  
FILLING  
2 fresh sweet pineapple (800-900g)  
100g caster sugar  
1/8 tsp citric acid   
  
COOKIE CASING  
100g vegan butter (I use nut telex)  
150g flour   
1 tbsp water  
2 tbsp sugar   
1/4 tsp salt  
  
VEGAN EGG WASH  
1/2 tbsp soy milk  
1 tbsp maple syrup   
  
METHOD  
Skin and cut pineapple into chunks and blend roughly. Strain and transfer the fibre-y part into a pan (reserve juice for drinks!). Add sugar and citric acid (adding more of either to adjusting to taste depending on the sweetness and tartness of your pineapple). Cook it down for 30-40 mins on low heat until you get a thick pineapple jam that is darker. Remove from the heat, smear the jam on a large plate to cool down and set aside. In a small bowl whisk together flour, sugar and salt. Using a mixer beat together butter and flour mix until a dough forms. Roll teaspoon sized balls of jam. Roll scant 1/2 tablespoon balls of dough. To form a tart, flatten the dough and stretch it out into a larger circle with your fingers. Place a ball of filling in the middle and fold edges up til its sealed in. Roll and gently score the top in a pineapple pattern. Bake for around 180ºC for 30 mins or until pastry is a beautiful golden brown. Wait til they’re cool before you devour!!!  
  
#nastar #pineappletart #veganpineappletarts #lunarnewyear
