---
title: "DAHL & COCONUT RICE 🥥🥥🥥 a delicious curry and rice combo 👏🏾 WRITTEN RECIPE BELOW ⭐️"
date: 2021-11-17 17:01:02+00:00
author_handle: "jacobking"
author_name: "Jacob King"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CWYnGkNKbFL"
image: "img/jacobking_17-11-2021_1701.png"
recipe_quality: ""
---

Dahl is one of my favourite curries, so simple but full of flavour and when paired with this fragrant rice it makes it EVEN BETTER 🔥   
  
I can never get bored of this one and neither will you, give it a try for yourself and enjoy! 💕   
______________________________________  
  
⭐️ INGREDIENTS ⭐️   
  
*dahl*  
-4 cups water  
-1 cup washed red lentils  
-1/4 cup yellow split peas  
-1/2 tsp turmeric powder  
-big pinch of salt  
-1/2 tsp cumin powder  
-1/2 tsp coriander powder  
-1/2 tsp garam masala  
-5 tbsp vegetable oil  
-1/2 tbsp cumin seeds  
-1/2 tbsp curry powder  
-1/2 tsp asafoetida powder  
-4 garlic cloves  
-1/2 inch ginger  
-fresh coriander   
  
*🥥 rice*  
-1/4 cup water  
-1 can coconut milk  
-1 cup washed rice  
-2 tbsp dedicated coconut   
  
⭐️ METHOD ⭐️   
  
*dahl*  
-start by pouring the water in a large bottom pan before adding the red lentils, yellow split peas, turmeric and salt then leave to simmer on a low/medium heat for around 30-40 minutes (stirring often.  
-now stir in the cumin powder, coriander powders and the garam masala and simmer for another 5-10 minutes.  
-fry the cumin seeds on a low/medium heat for 1 minute before adding the curry powder, asafoetida powder and the garlic, ginger and chillies then frying for another 3-5 minutes.  
-now stir this hot oil into the dahl along with some fresh chopped coriander and you’re done!  
  
*🥥 rice*  
-start by pouring the water, coconut milk and desiccated coconut into a large bottom pan.  
-bring the mixture to a simmer on a medium/high heat then add the rice and reduce the heat to very low, cover and leave for 25 minutes.  
-take off of the heat, fluff up the rice then cover and leave for another 5 minutes.  
-serve with the delicious dahl and enjoy 💕
