---
title: "What I Eat For Dinner (most nights) — Tofu Noodle Stir-Fry"
date: 2021-04-12 16:09:06+00:00
author_handle: "maxlamanna"
authors: ["maxlamanna"]
author_name: "MAX LA MANNA"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CNknNb1pg7G"
image: "img/maxlamanna_12-04-2021_1604.png"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

This is a simple, quick & easy dish that I like to whip up during the week. What I like most about this dish is that the noodles, tofu and sauce always stays the same, but I can always add different veg depending on what I have in the fridge.  
  
🍜What’s your favourite go-to weekday meal?  
  
🍽Serves 2-4  
Prep time 5-10 minutes  
⏰ Cook time 15 minutes  
  
450g firm tofu, cubed (replace tofu with chickpeas, tempeh or mushrooms)  
200g noodles of your choice  
2 tbsp cornflour/ cornstarch  
2-3 tbsp oil  
1 tsp baking soda  
  
Sauce:  
2 tbsp soy sauce/ tamari  
2 tsp sesame oil  
2 tsp rice vinegar  
2 tsp maple syrup or brown sugar  
1 tbsp fresh ginger  
1/2 tsp red chilli flakes  
1 tbsp peanut butter (optional tahini or seed butter)  
  
In a large bowl or sealed container, add the tofu and cornflour. Shake or mix the cornflour to cover the tofu.   
  
In a frying pan on medium high heat add some oil and once the oil is hot, add the tofu. Fry the tofu for 2 minutes on each side constantly keeping an eye on the tofu so that it doesn’t burn.  
  
Meanwhile, bring water to a boil then add your noodles. Cook the noodles according to the packet’s instructions. Drain the noodles then remove the frying pan off the heat and add the noodles with the tofu.  
  
💥For “Eggy” noodles, add 1-2 tsp of baking soda when cooking the noodles - you can even do this with spaghetti!  
  
Next, make the sauce, pour over and mix with the noodles and tofu.  
  
💥You can add extra veg once the tofu is crispy like spinach, peas, broccoli, mushrooms, peppers.  
  
To my plate I added ribboned carrot, the tofu and noodle stir-fry, toasted peanuts, fresh coriander/ cilantro and pickled red onion.  
  
#reels #reelsinstagram #reel #reelsvideo #food #vegan #stirfry #veg #youcancookthis #easyrecipes #nowaste #eeeeeats
