---
title: "HOMEMADE VEGAN KIMCHI 🥬"
date: 2023-03-21 17:30:14+00:00
author_handle: "nomeatdisco"
author_name: "Sam Jones | No Meat Disco"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CqDzGKBKMcq"
image: "img/nomeatdisco_21-03-2023_1703.png"
recipe_quality: ""
---

I feel like kimchi has a love hate kind of relationship… I’m a big lover of kimchi and this was such a great experience making my own!   
  
I’ve still got some in the fridge weeks later!!   
  
Ingredients  
1 Napa cabbage  
2 tbsp salt  
1 tbsp glutinous rice flour  
1/2 cup gochujaru (Korean red pepper flakes)  
4 tbsp vegan fish sauce  
2 tbsp palm sugar (or brown sugar if you can’t get this)  
3 spring onions  
1/2 white onion  
Half a daikon (white radish)  
3 cloves garlic  
1 thumb piece of ginger  
  
Method:  
1. Dissolve the salt in 1 & 1/2 cups of Luke warm water. Add your chopped up Napa cabbage to the water for up to 3 hours or until it softens and shrinks.  
2. Whilst your cabbage is fermenting let’s make the marinade. Add the glutinous rice flour to a saucepan with 1 cup water and heat through until it thickens (about 5 mins).  
3. To a bowl add the red pepper flakes, fish sauce and sugar along with the glutinous rice flour paste and mix well. Let that cool.  
4. Now add in with that paste the onions, daikon, garlic and ginger and mix.  
5. Once the cabbage is soft remove it from the water and soak 3/4 times, tossing around with your hand to remove any excess salt.  
6. Now drain the cabbage and in a large bowl massage the paste into the cabbage until fully coated.  
7. Serve in a sterilized jar and you can eat immediately or leave it in the jar to change in taste over time!   
  
#vegan #veganuk #plantbased #easyrecipe #kimchi #kimchikimchi #plantbasedrecipes #vegankoreanfood
