---
title: "VEGAN FRIED ‘CHICKEN’. This video triggered a ton of comments when we first shared it because - believe it or not - mushrooms aren’t actually chicken. Whodafunkit. But rules are there to be broken, right? 😂 by @sovegan"
date: 2022-03-10 07:36:43+00:00
author_handle: "veganfixes"
authors: ["veganfixes"]
author_name: "Vegan Fixes"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/Ca6kbjOJhha"
image: "img/veganfixes_10-03-2022_0703.png"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

Serves 3  
  
🌿 300g oyster mushrooms  
🌿 vegetable oil, for frying (we use rapeseed oil)  
  
For the wet ingredients:  
🌿 1 cup soya milk  
🌿 1/2 lemon, juice only  
  
For the dry ingredients:  
🌿 1 cup plain flour  
🌿 1 tsp baking powder  
🌿 1.5 tbsp granulated sugar  
🌿 1 tsp paprika  
🌿 1 tsp garlic powder  
🌿 2.5 tbsp peri-peri seasoning  
🌿 salt + pepper  
  
1️⃣ Combine the wet ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Brush any dirt off the mushrooms, then add them to the wet mixture and stir until they’re fully coated.  
  
2️⃣ Combine the dry ingredients, including 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper, in a separate mixing bowl.  
  
3️⃣ Add the vegetable oil to a saucepan on a medium heat. The oil should be at least 5cm (2”) deep in the pan. If you have a thermometer, the oil should be approximately 180°C / 356°F.  
  
4️⃣ When the oil is hot enough, dip one mushroom into the dry ingredients and toss to coat. Then carefully drop the mushroom into the hot oil and fry for 2-4 minutes or until golden brown, then remove the fried ‘chicken’ using a slotted spoon and place it on kitchen paper to soak up any excess oil. Repeat for the remaining mushrooms.  
  
5️⃣ Sprinkle extra salt on top to serve and that’s it. Enjoy!  
  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
#whatveganseat #veganrecipe #letscookvegan #veganfoodblogger #veganfoodspot #veganfoodspace #veganfoodporn #veganfoodie #veganideas #veganmeals #healthyvegan #vegancommunity #veganlife #plantbased #plantprotein
