---
title: "AUBERGINE KATSU CURRY🔥 by @sovegan Another crowd favourite. We’ve seen so many of you recreate our amazing katsu curry since we first shared the recipe! Have you tried it yet? Let us know if the comments!"
date: 2022-03-28 15:08:05+00:00
author_handle: "veganfixes"
author_name: "Vegan Fixes"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CbpuUi-vasL"
image: "img/veganfixes_28-03-2022_1503.png"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

Serves 4  
   
For the sauce:  
🌿 vegetable oil  
🌿 1 onion, peeled + chopped  
🌿 2 carrot, chopped into small pieces  
🌿 4 garlic cloves, peeled + chopped  
🌿 1.5 tbsp medium curry powder  
🌿 salt  
🌿 1 x 400ml / 14.1oz tin of coconut milk  
🌿 1 tbsp maple syrup  
   
For the aubergine:  
🌿 3/4 cup plain flour, or gluten free flour  
🌿 salt + pepper  
🌿 2 aubergines, sliced 1cm thick  
🌿 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, or gluten-free breadcrumbs  
   
For serving:  
🌿 cooked rice, spring onion and sesame seeds  
   
1️⃣ Heat a tablespoon of oil in a pan on a medium heat. Add onion, carrot and garlic. Fry for 10 mins or until onion and carrot are soft  
   
2️⃣ Add flour to a bowl with 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper and 3/4 cup of water. Combine to form a smooth batter. Add panko breadcrumbs to a separate bowl  
   
3️⃣ Dip aubergine rings first into the batter, then cover in the breadcrumbs and leave to one side  
   
4️⃣ Stir the curry powder and a pinch of salt into the pan with the carrot mix and fry for 1-2 mins  
   
5️⃣ Stir in the tinned coconut milk and maple syrup, bring to a simmer and cook for 5 mins  
   
6️⃣ Blend katsu sauce until smooth, then pour back into the pan and leave it to one side  
   
7️⃣ Fill a saucepan with vegetable oil until it’s at least 1-2cm / 0.4-0.8” deep. Heat the oil on a high temperature until it’s approximately 180°C / 356°F. Test by dropping a small pinch of breadcrumbs into the pan and if it sizzles then the oil is ready for frying  
   
8️⃣ Cook aubergine in batches of 3-4 for about 4 minutes on each side or until golden all over. Then leave them on kitchen paper to soak up any excess oil. You can also keep the cooked slices of aubergine in the oven on a low temperature to stay warm  
   
9️⃣ When you’re nearly ready to serve, heat the sauce in the pan and serve the aubergine with the sauce, cooked rice, sliced spring onion and sesame seeds  
  
Big love!   
  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
#veganaf #vegandinner #veganskincare #vegana #veganlunch #veganrecipe #veganmeals #veganlove #veganathlete #v
