---
title: "Here are 2 healthy recipes to silence your #sweettooth 🤤"
date: 2021-10-13 20:32:18+00:00
author_handle: "veganbarrel"
author_name: "Being Vegan"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CU-3n08KxgH"
image: "img/noimage.jpg"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

...  
1️⃣ Nut Butter Chocolate Pots 🍫🤤 super easy, 6 ingredients and totally gluten-free & vegan!! Who would demolish these right now?! by @healthylivingjames  
  
🛒 Ingredients (makes 2)⁣  
  
▪️6 Tbsp oat flour (gluten-free oats)⁣  
▪️6 Tbsp cacao powder⁣  
▪️3 Tbsp maple syrup⁣  
▪️1 tsp baking powder⁣  
▪️Pinch salt⁣  
▪️130-140ml milk of choice (I used almond)⁣  
▪️2 tsp nut butter (1 in each ramekin)  
  
1️⃣ Firstly blend your oats into a flour (do about 1 cup or 100g so you have more oat flour for another day)  
2️⃣ To a mixing bowl add 6 tbsp of the oat flour + cacao powder + maple syrup + baking powder + salt + milk and mix (if it's a little thick depending on brand of milk add a little more)  
3️⃣ Now add a tsp of nut butter to each ramekin and pour in the chocolate sauce  
4️⃣ Bake at 200C (390F) for 10-12 minutes (quite dependent on how hot your oven runs for me it's 10 minutes)  
  
FAQ's  
  
➡️ Can I use other flour? I think something like almond, buckwheat and plain gluten free flour should work although I haven't tested them  
➡️ Can you microwave them? Yes, around 40-60 seconds should do it but again you will need to test this  
  
2️⃣ Peanut Butter Granola 🥰 Trust me this will beat any shop bought granola!! What's your favourite way to serve granola? by @healthylivingjames  
  
Ingredients (6 large servings):⁣⁣  
  
▪️ 2 cups oats, 200g (I use gluten-free)  
▪️ 1 cup almonds (150g)  
▪️ 1 cup walnuts (150g)  
▪️ 1 cup ground almonds (100g)  
▪️ 6 tbsp maple syrup  
▪️ 4 tbsp melted coconut oil  
▪️ 4 tbsp peanut butter (crunchy or smooth)  
  
1️⃣ To a large mixing bowl add all the ingredients above and mix  
2️⃣ Place on a baking tray and bake at 160C for 25 minutes until golden  
3️⃣ Remove from the oven and either eat warm or allow to cool  
  
FAQ'S:  
  
➡️ Not gluten-free? Just use normal oats  
➡️ Which oats are best? I think rolled oats are best as they are larger and better for granola  
➡️ What can I swap the maple syrup for? Try any liquid sweetener such as agave or even a runny honey should work  
➡️ What can I swap for the coconut oil? Try another oil  
➡️ Which peanut butter is best? Any works🙂  
➡️ Peanut allergy? Swap the peanut butter for almond
