---
title: "CARROT ‘BACON’ CAESAR SALAD 🔥 by @sovegan Prepare to have those minds blown! Crispy carrot ‘bacon’, crunchy chickpea croutons and a caesar sauce so DELICIOUS you’ll be wondering where it’s been all your life ✌️"
date: 2021-11-01 06:56:37+00:00
author_handle: "veganfixes"
author_name: "Vegan Fixes"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CVuVTPwK3nG"
image: "img/veganfixes_01-11-2021_0611.png"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

Serves 4  
   
🌿 1 x 400g / 14.1oz tin of chickpeas, drained + rinsed  
🌿 salt + pepper  
🌿 olive oil  
🌿 2 tsp soy sauce (or tamari for gluten-free)  
🌿 2 tsp maple syrup  
🌿 1 tsp smoked paprika  
🌿 1 large carrot, peeled into strips  
🌿 1 Romaine lettuce, chopped  
🌿 2 large handfuls of kale, chopped  
   
For the sauce:  
🌿 70g / 2.5oz cashews  
🌿 1/2 lemon, juice only  
🌿 1 garlic clove, peeled  
🌿 1/2 tsp Dijon mustard  
🌿 2 tbsp nutritional yeast  
🌿 2 tsp capers  
🌿 120ml / 4 fl.oz unsweetened plant-based milk  
   
1️⃣ Preheat the oven to 160°C fan / 350°F and line 2 large trays with baking paper. Meanwhile, add the cashews to a bowl and cover with hot water from a kettle. Leave to soak.  
   
2️⃣ Add the chickpeas to one tray, season with pinches of salt and pepper, drizzle over 1 tsp of olive oil and mix. Then roast for 35-45 minutes or until crispy.  
   
3️⃣ Meanwhile, combine the soy sauce, maple syrup, smoked paprika, pinches of salt and pepper, and 1 tsp of olive oil in a mixing bowl. Add the peeled carrot strips and stir. Leave to marinade for 20 minutes, then lay out the strips on the second tray and roast for 10-15 minutes or until crispy, turning halfway to prevent them burning. Tip: if the carrot isn’t getting crispy, turn the oven down and leave them in for longer.  
   
4️⃣ Add the soaked cashews to a blender with the lemon juice, garlic clove, Dijon mustard, nutritional yeast, capers, plant-based milk and pinches of salt and pepper. Blend until smooth. Add the chopped lettuce and kale to a large bowl, then stir in the sauce.  
   
5️⃣ When you’re ready to serve, divide the salad between bowls, then top with the chickpea croutons and carrot ‘bacon’. Delicious!
