---
title: "VEGAN ONIGIRAZU🤯 // full recipe ↓ by @itsvegansis"
date: 2022-12-15 16:13:37+00:00
author_handle: "veganfixes"
authors: ["veganfixes"]
author_name: "Vegan Fixes"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CmMeNR-D4q6"
image: "img/veganfixes_15-12-2022_1612.png"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

Veganizing one of my fave Japanese dishes!  
This “sushi sandwich” aka onigirazu is packed with so much flavors you won’t even know it’s vegan, andddd it’s perfect for healthy meal prep🫡  
  
INGREDIENTS:  
- 2 cups sushi rice  
- 2 1/2 cups boiling water  
- 1/4 cup rice vinegar  
- 2 tbsp maple syrup  
- 1 tsp salt  
  
- 400 g firm tofu  
-Cornstarch  
- 3 tbsp soy sauce  
  
- nori sheets  
- veggies of choice (I used cucumber, carrot and avocado)  
- Vegan spicy mayo  
- Sesame seeds  
  
INSTRUCTIONS:  
Rinse the rice with cold water until the water runs clear. Transfer into a pot and add the boiling water, cover with a lid and cook for about 15 minutes or until the rice is cooked.  
  
Meanwhile, cut the block of tofu into slices, cover them with cornstarch and fry in a pan with oil until golden. Then add in the soy sauce and let the tofu caramelize.  
  
Once the rice is cooked, transfer it immediately to a large mixing bowl and add the vinegar, maple syrup and salt. Use a spatula to very gently fold the rice. Let it cool for a bit.  
  
In the meantime, cut the veggies of choice into thin slices.  
  
ASSEMBLY:  
Cut 2 sheets of seaweed into smaller squares.   
Place one large sheet of nori seaweed on a plastie wrap.  
Add about 1/3 a cup of cooked rice to the center and press it down shaping it like a square on a 45 degree angle using a wet spatula / your hands.  
Top it with veggies, tofu and season with lots of vegan spicy mayo and sesame seeds.  
Add another layer of rice and gently press it down, and lastly cover with the smaller seaweed piece you previously made.  
Pold the corners of the seaweed towards the centre and over the filling, trying to fold inwords the seaweed remaining in each lower corner of the pocket.  
Wrap it with the plastic wrap and squeezes a bit to make sure everything stays in place.  
Let it rest for about 10-15 minutes before cutting it in half. Dip in your favorite sauce & ENJOY!🫶
