---
title: "Thousand-Layer Potatoes (Plant-based version) by @maxlamanna"
date: 2022-05-04 16:14:17+00:00
author_handle: "veganfixes"
author_name: "Vegan Fixes"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CdJG6MDJflN"
image: "img/veganfixes_04-05-2022_1605.png"
recipe_quality: "video_only"
---

➡️Was it worth the time it took to make them?   
Honestly, not for me! I think you can still create a crispy layered potato in less than an hour… but that crunch *was* amazing.  
  
➡️Was it fun to experiment?   
Yes, but now I have leftover cooking oil and I don’t know what to do with it…any suggestions?!  
  
Here’s how to recreate the TikTok crispy layered potato trend [credit: @poppy_cooks]  
   
Don’t peel the potatoes.   
Thinly slice them with a mandolin.  
Add sliced potatoes to a large mixing bowl, cover with melted plant-based butter, a generous pinch of salt and black pepper.   
Line a loaf pan with parchment paper and begin to layer each slice of potato, one-by-one.  
Cover with parchment paper and bake at 120C/250F for almost 2 hours.  
Remove potatoes from the oven, then press down with a few tins cans or something heavy.  
Place in the fridge overnight or up to 12 hours.  
The next day, remove the potatoes from the fridge and cut 1” slices.  
Heat vegetable oil to 375F/190C and lower potatoes slowly and carefully.   
Deep frying for 3-5 minutes until golden brown and of course, CRISPY!  
Remove from oil, place on a cooling rack. Once cooled, sprinkle with salt.  
Enjoy!  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
#whatveganseat #veganrecipe #letscookvegan #veganfoodblogger #veganfoodspot #veganfoodspace #veganfoodporn #veganfoodie #veganideas #veganmeals #healthyvegan #vegancommunity #veganlife #plantbased #plantprotein
