---
title: "STEAMED EGGPLANTS in a chili sesame sauce. By  @chez.jorge It’s a scorching summer here in taipei so I thought I’d introduce you all to one of my favorite liang ban 涼拌, or “cold-tossed,” dishes. Inspired by cold sesame noodles 麻醬涼麵, this is a dish I loved when I cooked in the US, where lao gan ma 老干媽 has quite the devoted following. It’s a guizhou-style chili crisp dotted with various preserved goods, conferring an umami flavor like no other. Pair with nutty sesame, peanut, sesame oil, and you’ve got something addictively good. 🥢"
date: 2022-04-26 14:36:24+00:00
author_handle: "veganfixes"
author_name: "Vegan Fixes"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/Cc0V3LKpOP_"
image: "img/veganfixes_26-04-2022_1404.png"
recipe_quality: ""
---

THE RECIPE (serves 4):  
2 (400 g) asian eggplants, I used taiwanese 台灣茄子  
6 cloves garlic, grated and divided 蒜末  
1 Tbsp sesame paste 芝麻醬  
1 Tbsp peanut butter 花生醬  
2 Tbsp lao gan ma chili crisp, or chili oil of choice 辣椒油  
1 tsp toasted sesame oil 麻油  
1½ Tbsp light soy sauce 生抽/醬油  
1 tsp dark soy sauce 老抽  
1 Tbsp black vinegar 烏醋  
2 Tbsp water 水  
¼-½ tsp salt 鹽  
½ tsp sugar 糖  
1 scallion and/or 2 sprigs cilantro, chopped 小蔥/香菜  
1 tsp toasted sesame seeds 熟芝麻  
  
NOTES:  
1. Choose fresh and young eggplants; these have white tops and firm, dark-purple skin with no green scars. They also have white flesh, less seeds, and taste sweet instead of bitter. I soak them for 2-3 mins in a vinegar bath (1 cup water, 2 Tbsp white vinegar, ¼ tsp salt) to retain that vibrant purple color; they won’t taste acidic, actually a little sweeter.  
  
2. The eggplants must be cooked at a heat above 100 C (212 F), to lock in the color. This is why most cooks pass them through oil (過油). I’ve had my fair share of unappetizing, green-ish brown steamed eggplants, to finally learn that you have to steam with the skins facing down (direct contact with heat). I also recommend using a wide flat-bottomed steamer that has holes throughout, so you can lay the eggplants in a single layer. Steam on high for 5-8 mins — you want them extra soft if eating cold.  
  
3. You can “liang ban” basically anything; think long, thin matchsticks, good vehicles for sauce — cucumbers, bamboo shoots, carrots, beansprouts, or nature’s julienne, enoki mushrooms. The sauce, then, is usually a vinegar-based dressing, perfumed with garlic, sesame oil, and/or chili oil. This is a sesame version.  
  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.  
.
