---
title: "SPICY MISO MUSHROOM RAMEN 🍜 by @sarahsveganrecipes"
date: 2022-11-07 06:16:51+00:00
author_handle: "veganfixes"
authors: ["veganfixes"]
author_name: "Vegan Fixes"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CkpjugjJCGY"
image: "img/veganfixes_07-11-2022_0611.png"
recipe_quality: "complete"
---

If you’re looking for cosy comfort food, you NEED to try this spicy miso mushroom ramen this weekend 😍   
  
Recipe serves 2:   
300g mixed mushrooms   
1 tsp sesame oil   
1 tsp soy sauce   
  
2 cloves of garlic, grated or minced   
1 1/2 tbsp miso   
1 tbsp chilli paste (I used gochujang)   
2 tsp tomato puree   
600ml veg stock   
200ml soya milk   
2 portions of vegan noodles  
2 pak choi  
3 spring onions   
  
To serve (optional):   
Chilli oil   
Chilli flakes   
Sesame seeds  
  
Slice the mushrooms. Add the sesame oil and soy sauce to the pot you’re going to use to make the broth and put onto a medium heat. Add the mushrooms, trying not to move them about too much. Once golden, remove from the pot and put to one side. Don’t worry if there’s a few bits left in the pan.   Add the garlic to the pot with a tablespoon of water. Soften for a minute or so and then add the miso, chilli paste and tomato puree. Mix well to form a thick paste and then add the veg stock and soya milk. Simmer over the heat for around 5 minutes until slightly reduced.   Add the noodles to the broth and leave to cook as per pack instructions. Meanwhile, finely slice the spring onion and pak choi. You can add a splash more hot water to the noodles if needed (some will soak up more broth than others).   Once cooked, serve the noodles and broth, top with the pak choi and spring onion and top with chilli oil, chilli flakes and sesame seeds if using. Enjoy! 💛
