---
title: "SINGLE-SERVE PROTEIN CINNAMON ROLL (vegan, macro-friendly, yeast-free) вңЁрҹҳҚ by @run2food Using just 7 ingredients - save this for later!! вҒЈ"
date: 2021-11-17 12:02:48+00:00
author_handle: "veganfixes"
author_name: "Vegan Fixes"
post_url: "https://instagram.com/p/CWYFIuPpFY0"
image: "img/noimage.jpg"
recipe_quality: ""
---

вҒЈ  
Have you ever craved a cinnamon roll but didnвҖҷt want to bake an entire batch or wait for yeast to rise? Well youвҖҷve come to the right place рҹӨӘ I used pantry staples from @thesourcewestendbrisbane + @macr0mike protein to create this!вңЁ Here is the recipe вһЎпёҸвҒЈ  
вҒЈ  
Makes: 1 (cal: 260, P: 23g, C:30g, F: 5g )вҒЈ  
вҒЈ  
INGREDIENTS:вҒЈ  
вң…2 tablespoons (30g) self-raising flour + extra for rolling вҒЈ  
вң…2 tablespoons vegan salted caramel protein powder ( I used @macr0mike - discount code вҖңamb-chenвҖқ )вҒЈ  
вң…3 tablespoons non-dairy yoghurt (I used cashew) вҒЈ  
вң…1/2 teaspoon cinnamon вҒЈ  
вң… 2 teaspoons granulated sweetenerвҒЈ  
вң… Coconut oil, melted for greasing вҒЈ  
вҒЈ  
Protein Icing: вҒЈ  
вң… 1 teaspoon vegan salted caramel protein powder вҒЈ  
вң… 1 teaspoon icing sugar вҒЈ  
вң… Dash of water until desired consistency вҒЈ  
вҒЈ  
METHOD:вҒЈ  
1. Preheat the oven to 180 degrees Celsius, fan-forced. Grease the base of a small ramekin (mine was 8cm in diameter) вҒЈ  
2. In a bowl, mix together the flour and protein powder. Add in the yoghurt and knead until a ball of dough forms.вҒЈ  
3. Transfer the dough onto a lightly floured surface. Roll the dough into a long rectangle (~3cm x 20cm) (see image 2)вҒЈ  
4. Combine the coconut sugar & cinnamon together in a small dish. Brush the surface of the dough with a thin layer of melted coconut oil. Sprinkle the cinnamon sugar mixture evenly over the dough.вҒЈ  
5. Roll the dough up into a log. Place it in the prepared ramekin (see image 3)вҒЈ  
6. Bake for 15-17 mins until golden and risen. вҒЈ  
7. In the meantime, make the icing: in a small bowl, whisk together the ingredients until no lumps remain. Add just enough water to achieve a thick yet pourable consistency.вҒЈ  
8. Drizzle the icing over the roll and serve!вҒЈ  
вҒЈ
